I called New Years Day for a couples massage and was so happy to have found a spot. 
I had mentioned over the phone that I had a $100 gift card, which they said I could use after the massage. 
As I parked, I checked my account and saw I had been charged the full $170. I didn't think anything of it, assumed it was normal. 
I gave my information over the phone to hold the session.
The massage was okay, we agreed from the moment we changed back into our clothes that we wouldn't be coming back. 
My massage went from very little pressure to an elbow being dug into my back. 
They kept on coming in and out the room, which would ruin our moment as we were left laying there. 
Towards the end, it did get slower and more relaxing. 
It was not a bad massage, just not what we hoped for. 
Nobody asked me prior what I would have liked, so I guess that wasn't communicated.
As we walked out, I paid with the gift card and then was asked to pay an extra $100. 
I told them my account had been charged and they kept denying it, despite having my bank statement right there. 
It still showed as pending, but after some back and forth we agreed the owner would be in contact with us to figure it out. 
I was disappointed they would charge my card the full amount, despite the fact I said I had gift cards. I tried my best to be understanding. 
HOWEVER, I received a call earlier from someone saying I had to go in to still pay? 
The charge for $170 went from pending to authorized, so it wasn't a 'hold.' 
At this point they owed me the $70. 
They still refused to admit someone charged my card, and I now have to wait for another call back.
I try not to assume the worst, but this whole thing seems shady. 
The fact that I gave my card info in what I assumed was a trusted business, and they still deny the charge. 
I showed them the statement & they even took a photo of it. 
It was incredibly disappointing to walk out from a relaxing moment with my boyfriend to have to stand there and deal with this issue. 
I'd be incredibly careful with this. 
I've been to many spas before and have never dealt with this issue. 
It was our first and last time coming.